Authors: Abhinav Mummameni (amumma01), Rolando Ortega (rorteg02)

Architecture:
    - 40image.c: Opens the file provided by the client and handles the 
                    compression or decompression command that is provided. 

    - compress40.c: Handles the compression or decompression of a provided file.
                    The main functions, compress40 and decompress40, are 
                    called by 40image to either compress or decompress the 
                    image that is contained in the file.

    - bitpack.c: Implementation of the bitpack.h interface, which is used to 
                    add to and extract from 64-bit unsigned integer code words.
                    The "new" functions in the interface are called by the 
                    compression program in compress40.c, while the "get"
                    functions in the interface are called by compress40.c's 
                    decompression program. 

    - conversion.h: Interface for conversion, which handles the transformation 
                    of blocks of RGB pixels to DCT values and averages, and  
                    vice versa. These functions are called by the compression  
                    and decompression programs contained in compress40.c

    - conversion.c: Implementation of the functions contained in conversion.h

    - a2plain.c: A methods suite for the functions of a UArray2, which is used
                    by the pnm reader in compress40 to manipulate the pixels
                    in a ppm image file. 

    - UArray2.c: A 2 dimensional unboxed array that is used to store the pixels
                    of an image to compress or store the results of decompress-
                    ing an already compressed image. Used to store data from 
                    files in the compression and decompression files in 
                    compress40.c. 

    - Makefile: Create an executable for the 40image program. 

    - README: This file, overview of the files and architecture of this programs

Acknowledgements: Thank you to Mark and Noah for the helpful lectures. 
Also thank you to our Lab TA's at the 12:00 Friday lab.

Implementation Notes: Compression and Decompression are correctly implemented.

Time spent analyzing the problem: 5 hours

Time spent solving the problem: 25 hours